---
title: Choosing my Path.
description: Deciding how to spend my time.
date: 2022-08-15
tags:
  - Thoughts
  - Early Days 
layout: layouts/post.njk
---
<!-- <a href="{{ '/posts/post220814/' | url }}">First post</a> -->

Choosing how to spend your time. <br>
This is something I struggle with regularly. In the past, I would spend every free hour of each day playing video games, from Minecraft to Crusader Kings to Heroes of the Storm; I'd find a game and put countless hours into it every day until eventually I'd burn out entirely, then rarely, if ever, touch that same game again.

## A Fork in the Road?

While moving towards my first goal of making this blog look more appealing, I came across a dilemma: do I teach myself CSS to the point where I could make a beautiful website from scratch, or do I save myself time and just learn how to navigate pre-existing templates to a reasonable degree?

In order to learn CSS, I suspect I will need to find a good teacher. Youtube, programming books, online articles, these are all options that would benefit both of the previously mentioned choices. It's likely, in fact, that if I were to head towards the first choice and attempt to gain mastery over CSS, I would pass the point where I could understand templetes long before reaching that goal.  

Fundamentals. They're core to understanding any subject. If I reject to acknowledge and respect their importance, it'll only cause me strife down the line. Despite that, I am clueless as to where to begin.

Now that I think about it, it'll probably be wise to add a references section, or something similar, to this blog to keep track of resources I've found and used. 

